When scammers invest hours trying to trick you into buying gift cards they obviously want the gift card codes at the end. But I was thinking the other day what would happen if the scammers thought another scammer or hacker stole the gift cards from them. They made this fake ransomware type virus that conveniently accepts google play cards. So for this call after spending four or five hours with some scammers I put this on the computer they were not happy. But you let me know what you think like this video or give me some comments below because I've got a couple ideas surrounding this. I really hope you enjoy. Yeah hi this is Albert Morris I may help you. Albert I just missed a call from this number. Yes we left a message to you about this call to make you aware about the auto-renewal service of your computer. I love this guy's energy though. Just do one thing grab a piece of paper and paint with yourself and be in front of your computer.

Now let me know once you're in front of your computer. I'm holding this line, okay? Now, can you see there is something blinking, a straight line blinking there? I don't know what I see. This is all... It's... Yeah, yes, it's on and off again. Oh, but now it stopped blinking, I don't know why. It's not... Okay, no problem. Okay, now it's blinking again. It's blinking. Just type in from your keyboard. Three, W, W, W, three, W. So it's www.www.www.www.? No, only one time, three, W, W. Like, you can see supremo.exe 1 at the bottom. Oh, yes, it says... Okay, sorry. Up, down, down, left, right, left, right. It says I can...

Yes, I can collect there's BA and start. And run and cancel as well. No, no, no. Yeah, click on done. You can see the option says, right? Did you want to allow this app to make changes to do your vice? Yes or no. To your device, right? Can you see the option says yes or no at the at the right left of that window? It says if you code achievements will be disabled. And can you see the option says, yes, for now, like, you see, do you want to allow this app to make changes to your device? I said that look at the left down, right down bottom. Okay. The right bottom bottom starting from the left.

except yeah can you see options is except on the blue color yes I know yes click on accept okay over here my one direct my correct direction has completed now what they're gonna do I'm gonna transfer this call to my senior accounts representative the one who will do this behalf of you all right okay all right so be with me I'm going to transfer this call okay you're transferring the call are you trans you're okay oh I'm getting another phone call right now hold on hold on a moment hello dear customer this is an important notification call to you from billing department this is to inform you that 300 are you the manager my name is

It's Peter, ma'am. Okay, Peter. Um, on my computer, I just see something that says Internet ID. They're not fighting. Albert's gone silent. What am I supposed to do now, manager? Talk to your mother. What? Ma'am, you there? What was that? This is Albert. Hello. Can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you. I can hear you. I can hear you. I can hear you. I can hear you. I can hear you. I can hear you. I can hear you. I can hear you. I can hear you. What's going on? Hello? Can you hear me? Hello? Can you hear me? Hello? Hello? Hello? What happened? Why would your manager talk to me like that? He's not my manager. He's not my manager. He is a scammer. He's not my manager. Why did he say that to me? I thought- I thought he was helping me. Because he's not- no, no, no, no. I am helping you. My name is Christopher. I'm the manager. Oh, thank God. Do not talk to anyone else. Christopher is a name you can trust.

Christopher Robin. Yeah. Oh God. Dawson, Dawson. It's Dawson. I know. I'm gonna call you Christopher Robin though. Yeah, I am the one. I am the one. I am. I am this Christopher Dawson. My name is Christopher Dawson. And that person was a scammer who was trying to sell you some product, you know? Trying to cheat you out. Why would he do that? He said he was from the refund department like you're from. No, no, no, no, no. See, we are not from any... This is the firewall security department. All right? Oh. Who said that he's the manager? He's not any manager. You know, I'm actually getting another call right now. Can you hold on one second? Hold on. Don't receive it. Don't receive it. Yeah, it's someone else calling from the refund department. I don't know what to tell. Let me...

Let me ask, let me ask if they work with you, okay? I'll ask if they know Christopher Goss. Hang up the call, I said! Hold on, hold on. Hang up the call, I said! Hang up the call, I said! You type your ID and your password. Do you remember your ID and password? No. It's on my iPad. So, you don't remember what is your ID and your password? Maybe I do, hold on a minute. I think it's, I might remember. So, you click on your checking account. You click on your checking account. And you check over there whether you have $500 deposit or not. No, not recently, no. Please be with me on the line. Keep checking, keep checking, keep scrolling. You know, in case if you see...

any transaction of, I mean, any deposit of $500 into your account. And this time, if you see a black screen, do not do anything, all right? Do not push anything if you see a black screen. You remember the available balance, right? Yes. Yeah, because as I told you, the available balance is going to increase. It hasn't increased yet, though. No, because it's not processed yet. I asked you not to shut down the computer, and you shut down the computer. Whatever is trying to hide the screen. So it is going to come back by itself. And also, you will see something on your screen, which will say cancellation server. I'm sorry, Chase server. You will see Chase server. All right. You will see Chase server on your screen.

So once you get the Chase server, please let me know, right? If you've never seen one of these refund scams before, here's how it works. They claim to owe you $500, but as you can see here, he's transferring $5,000 in between my fake bank accounts. He'll say, oops, I made a big mistake and accidentally added an extra zero. I'm going to lose my job if you don't send me $4,500 in gift cards. And to make it more believable, they'll edit the HTML of your bank account to make it say something like Chase transfer or Chase wire transfer or something like that. You never get any money from them. And when you buy gift cards, then they steal your money. We just have to go to the CVS. What do you want me to do at CVS? We have to get this thing fixed. You first get yourself dressed. I am typing it on the screen. All right. See, you have to go to the CVS and we have to get best, best buy cards from the CVS. I don't know. Sometimes.

this moment I wonder like is he is he feeling at least slightly embarrassed right now I'm like has he been has he never gotten this far in the scam and this is one of the first times he's saying it he's like god this sucks it looks like this this is the weirdest most like this is not logical at all so once you are in your car you let me know please be in your car and let me know all right we are gonna go to the cvs and we are gonna get this thing done all right what you're saying is I am gonna go to the cvs and you are refusing to go to cvs which is another example of how no I'm doing your job and you should be paying me I've had to fill out all the forms you go to cvs you do it I don't want to I don't want to go there

I don't want the money's in your account. Why do I care the money's in my account? I'll give it back. I'll call up Bank of America and say I dispute this charge. I don't want it. How about that? Then the account is gonna get suspended your accounts already suspended Honey Go on hold how long would it take you to go to CVS right now? You go there I am on the line with you Stay on the line with you. You go to CVS. Okay. I'm old. No, you have to go I'm old and it's cold outside. It's cold outside. It doesn't make any sense. I don't make any sense. It doesn't make any sense.

I am gonna have to go to the CVS because the money is in your account. And it's cold outside. I'll give you my ATM card and my PIN number. Take some cash out. No. I don't want anything. I don't want anything. I don't want anything. You want the money back. Exactly. I don't want your card. I don't want your ATM card or anything. I don't want to go. I don't want to go to CVS. I don't want to go to CVS. Okay, so you don't you don't have any intention to return that money, right? Yes, I do. I've been saying it for the past 40 minutes. I want to give you the money back. So then go to the CVS. I'll ask my I'll just ask my granddaughter to do it. Hold on. I'll text my granddaughter. Hold on. No, no, no. What do you care if my granddaughter does it? I'm not going. Hold on. I'm texting.

No, no, I'm telling you are making no sense. I'm telling you about the money. My granddaughter will get you the cards. That's what you want, right? You want the cards? No, I don't have to do anything with your granddaughter. I don't have to do anything with your granddaughter. No, you don't have to talk to her. I don't want you to talk to her. God, no, you're not going to meet my granddaughter. No, you have to do it by yourself. You're rude. I wouldn't put you on the phone with her for a minute. I'm just going to text her. No, I don't want to talk to anybody. It doesn't matter. I don't want to talk to anybody either. I already texted her. You are going to do it. She's going to go anyway, so. Yeah, just call your granddaughter and say to get four Best Buy cards of $500 each, all right? Yeah, she told me she already bought a bunch of computer cards and she's heading over to my house. You're a rich man. Rich card. Just call her and ask her.

I don't know. I don't know. I'm sorry. She's not going to be able to get the tic-tacs. I don't know why you want those anyway. I'd have to mail them to you. You don't have to bring that. You don't have to bring that. Yeah, she already bought the cards. She already bought them. She got, okay? She already bought them. Are you listening to me? Okay. Can you hear me okay? When she's going to come to your home, call me. Uh, it probably will be, I don't know. All right. Eight, ten minutes. She lives close by. Yeah. Call me. Call me. When she's going to come to your home, call me. Okay. Because I'm right here in Chicago. Okay. Bye. All right. I'll call you soon. And Chris. Yes. Make sure you tell your, make sure you thank your boss for his compassion. You know, letting you do this. Yes. Yes. My boss is here. My manager is here. No, I'm just saying if I was your boss.

i'd still fire you so make sure you you ought to really be nice to him no problem no problem okay just say when she's when she gets to think about because you really you really shouldn't keep someone around and makes mistakes like that something to think about and uh what is the worth of those cards they each say 500 on it okay and how many of them are there like four cards yeah she got four of them so my i still would owe you some money but and when she's gonna come to your house i have them in my hand right now she already dropped them off that's what i'm telling you oh you you have it on your hand you you turn on the computer you turn on the computer okay the computers are the computers on hold on what you did where you clicked i don't know i was trying to figure out what to do with gift cards

You restart your computer. Restart your computer right away. I have 259 seconds to pay before they're gone. Pay $1,500 to unlock my computer? No, you don't have to do anything. Restart your computer. Oh, can you pay with gift cards? No, restart your computer. Hold on a second. Hold on a second. Is there a way to like, I got to do this fast. Is there a way to take the, they have codes, right? They have codes. No, no, restart the computer. I'm not listening to you. I have to do this fast. It says I have 200 seconds. Nothing is going to happen to your computer. Okay. Okay. Restart the computer. I have to type the code.

F3. Don't do anything. Don't do anything. No, no, no, you have to, you have to let me do this. Don't do anything. Let me do it. Don't do anything. I only have 190 seconds left. Restart the computer. Restart the computer. What? It's gonna- I don't have enough time for that. If I restart the computer No, if I restart the computer I'm gonna lose time. Restart it. No, nothing is gonna happen. I don't know. I show you nothing is gonna happen. Restart the computer. If you're wrong. If you are wrong. No, nothing is gonna happen. I'm restarting. I turned it off. Yeah, nothing is gonna happen. So I cut the network connection. I was just trying to figure out what-